
                                ###     ###
                                 ###   ###
                      ###   ####  ### ###  ###   ####
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ###    ###    ###    ###    ###
                      ###    ###   #####   ###    ###
                      ##########  ### ###  ##########
                                 ###   ###
                                ###     ###

                         Underground eXperts United

                                 Presents...

         ####### ## ##      #######     # #    ####### ####### #######
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####   ##   ##      ## #    ##
         ####    ## ##      ####        # #    ##   ##     ##    ####
         ##      ## ##      ##         #####   ##   ##    ##   #    ##
         ##      ## ####### #######     # #    #######    ##   #######

         [       Electricity      ]           [      By The GNN      ]


    ____________________________________________________________________
    ____________________________________________________________________

 
                               "ELECTRICITY"
                          by THE GNN/DualCrew/uXu
 
             Remember, you cannot manipulate your own future.

 
  Time flies.
  Once I used to be a kid who played around in the green garden, looking
for adventure and excitement.  There was no future, only childhood.  The
clock was a dumb object that controlled my freedom.  I do not know how many
children who got the chance to wake up by the shining rays from the sun that
walked slowly on the floor towards the bed.  Running, jumping and
everything else, in a magic paradise that was the whole world.  There were
fruit trees everywhere and they stood like friendly grandparents and gave
away all their possessions with a smile.  They never complained and no one
else did.  Nature was not greedy, she had plenty of food together with a
good heart.  You did not have to pay or even say thanks, your satisfaction
and happy face was enough to encourage another season of apples or
strawberries.

  When the night fell and doors closed the invisible power turned on lamps
and machines.  I always wondered which tree electrical power came from.
The nature had it all, so it must be responsible for the amazing power that
was our friend and enemy.  We learned that lightning and thunder was
dangerous and must be respected.  As long as you respected the angry
nature, it would respect and help you forever.  But time had no brakes...

  I am a so called old man now, who must have a distance to everything and
be realistic.  I know that I was wrong, when I believed that the paradise
would last forever.  Dark clouds entered the blue sky of my childhood and
made me understand that I was losing my freedom.  I had to enter various
prisons, each of them gave me a chain to wear.  To be able to carry all the
heavy knowledge, I had to drop my imagination.  Very little at first but
more and more in the end.  I do not know if I have reached my end yet, but
I hope not.  Life went on and the whole world together with me.  I forgot
all the things that made me happy before and fully believed that economical
increase, luxury articles and money was the future.  I lived a hectic life
and planned every second of the day.  To work, to the bank, to work, to my
home, to the bank...  I stopped counting my transactions and just kept an
eye on my income, while I raged about the taxes that stopped me from
developing my understanding about life.

  The world got harder and wanted more.  Concrete and steel dropped like
bombs on my old magic garden and turned my paradise into a desert of
electronic money that jumped like frogs from one part of the world to
another in the speed of light.  Nature was something that only crazy fags
and communists screamed about at demonstrations.  A good laugh at their
black clothes and hysterical opinions was all right between visits at my
portable computer.  I held millions of dollars in my hand one second to
sell them as gold or rain forest the next.  The outside was dangerous.
The few times I went outside I met sad faces, looking for something they
really did not know.  I was convinced it was my wallet.  Technology got
even more advanced.  Computers turned macro and the abstract part of our
planet could be stuffed into a chip that was as small as a piece of sand.
The electricity was there.  Afterwards, I know that I had lost my entire
respect for the power.

  It is dark now. The sun have disappeared beyond the horizon and taken
the light to another place. The light was very good today. I almost stepped
outside for a walk but changed my mind. If I tried, I would probably never
make it back to the house. The pollution had turned the blue sky into
a brown dirty soup, that does not allow the sun to shine through. The sun is
visible as a soft ball in the distance but nothing else. I know I will soon
turn blind but it does not matter. Nobody will ever read this.

Sometimes, I wonder if I am the only man left on earth.  Of course I'm not.
Why should I?  There must be billions of people who sat in front of their
computers when the electricity disappeared, to never return again.  Shock
and frustration turned my belief into nothing.  Days passed but nothing
happened.  The power of the world was gone.  The paralyzing trauma suddenly
broke and people got mad.  Violence and anarchy in search for food and
money.  People still wanted money like an instinct.  You killed for bread,
water and money.  Money, money, money...

  But it did not last forever.  Soon, the agony turned into a complete loss
of hope.  Doors closed and locked.  Darkness engulfed the planet.  I made
it all the way through, with blood on my hands.  I do think more about life
now and I feel that I actually knew it all already when I was a child.  The
world died, and the people together with it.  I wonder why.  Maybe it was a
lonely worker at the factory that produced the electricity for the entire
world that could not stand it any more.  Maybe he saw the object that had
been supplying us with power and remembered his own childhood.  Maybe he
smashed  the  glass  and  grabbed  the object inside.  While the world died
outside,  maybe he ate it with dreaming eyes and remembered his own magic
green garden.
  Technology  is  dead.   I  will soon be dead too.  The last thing we will
remember  is  that  it is possible to gain enormous amounts of power from a
single orange.
  The last orange on planet Earth.

 
     /////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
     Call THE STASH - Home of Underground eXperts United +46-13-175042
     \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\
 
                   ...or why not one of our dist sites?
 
                 Check the INDEX file for a complete list.
